Data Science and machine  learning.
Chapter1:
  .Simple Intoduction to Data Science
  .Data Science vs Data Mining
  .What is Machine learning
    .Types Of Machine  Learning
    .Some Basic Terms
  .Python and Jupyter Installation
  .Machine Learning Useful Package
    .NumPy
    .Pandas
    .Matplotlib
Chapter2: Data Preprocessing
  .Reading and Modifying Dataset
  .Basic Statistics
  .Covariance
  .Missing Values
  .Outliers
  .Concatenating
  .Dummy Variables
  .Normalization

Chapter3: Classification
  .Decision Tree (DT)
  .K-nearest neighbor (K-NN)
  .Logistic Regression
  .Naive Bayes(NB)
  .Classification Metrics - Model Evaluation


Chapter4: Regression
  .Linear Regression

Chapter5: Clustering
  .Clustering- K-means
  .Clustering- DBSCAN
  .Clustering-  Hierarchical
Chapter6: Hyperprameter optimization
  .What Is Parameter Tuning?
  .Classification(k-NN)
  .Regression(SVR)
  .Clustering(K-Means)

What is the Difference Between a Parameter and a Hyperparameter?

Parameter: A parameter is a configuration variable that is internal to the model and whose value can be estimated from the given data. Parameters are the part of the model that are learned from the data during training. For example, in a linear regression model, the coefficients for each predictor and the intercept are parameters. These are adjusted through the learning process to minimize a loss function.

Hyperparameter: A hyperparameter, on the other hand, is a configuration that is external to the model and whose value cannot be estimated from the data. Hyperparameters are used to control the learning process and must be set prior to the training process. They are not learned from the data but are rather set based on experience or experimentation. Examples include the learning rate in gradient descent, the depth of a decision tree, or the number of hidden layers in a neural network.


Chapter1: Summary
Data Science:
Study that Combines domain experties, Programming, Skills and knowledge of mathematics and Statistics to extract meaningful insights from data

Artificial Intelligience:
ability to learn, understand imagine the qualities that are 




Data:

Data Science Vs Data Mining
1.
2.
3.Goal
4.Output
5.Purpose:
  DM:Finding
  DS:Social anlysis predictor
6.Vocational Perspective
  DM: Someone with a knowledge of navigating across data and statistical understanding can conduct data Mining
  DC: A Person needs to understand ML, Programing, Info
7.Extent
  DM: Data mining can be a subsrt of a data science as mining
  DS: Multidisciplinary- Data Science Consists of data visalization

8.Deal With (Type Of data )
  DM: Mostly Structured
  DS: All FOrms of data-Structured,semi-Structured,and  Unstructured
9.Other Less Popular Name
  DM:
  DS:Data Driven Science

DATA MINING:
Example and USE CASE
  COnsider a scenario where you are a major retailer in Nepal. You have 120 stores operating in 1 major cities in Nepal

DATA SCIENCE:
What Is 

Machine Learning:
  .Machine Learning is the study of computer algorithms that comprise algorithms and statistical models that allows computer

Types Of Machine Learing(Machine Learning Model)
  Learning algorithms:
    Supervised learning
    Unsupervised Learning
    Reinforcement Learning
 
Dimensionality 
  .Large Number Of attributes
  .Difficult

Regression : Continuous Data
y = mx+c

y = 2x+3
y = 3x1+2x2+4x3+5
y = 2x2+3x+4

multi:
y= 2x2+3x2+4x+5